# theprojects


## Corporation Model Projects

In this set of projects we aim to simulate a corporation and subsequently analyze it.

In Project 1 - Introductory Python: Digital Twin for a Corporation, I built a digital twin for a corporation using Python. The digital twin models a corporation with various objects that simulate the creation and processing of orders over a year.

<<<<<<< zhaideri-patch-1
My goals were to model a Corporation using Python classes, track sales data and generate a consolidated CSV file, and make a realistic simulation of the corporation's sales data across many stores. It used objects like customers, products, stores, and prices to model the corporation effectively.

Sales were generated by fabricating orders for customers in each store.
The transactions' data was export to a CSV file. The project generates a CSV file named zain_sales_data.csv.



## Pandas Mining Project

In this project I used Pandas to mine the previous project's data in the hopes of analyzing and gaining insight into how customers behave in their purchases. I analyzed the frequency of the various basket purchases of the consumers and looked at the most frequently seen products thoughout all of them. 

I first loaded in the CSV file from the last one into this one. I subsequently used Pandas to find the most popular products. I then created some visualizations including bar graphs to show the top products in customer baskets and the top large basket stores. This project was very helpful in showing how to analyze and make sense of patterns in data.

## Popular Items Analysis Project

In this final project we analyze the most popular items by store and overall throughout the corporation. I wanted to find the most high-selling items and also figure out what the most popular itemsets tended to be. I used the Apriori algorithm to find what
